**What's new in V1:**
- [Transition From Listeners to Watchers](#transition-from-listeners-to-watchers)
- [Sources Are Now Mutable By Default](#sources-are-now-mutable-by-default)
- [State Values Passed To Selectors Are Now Direct Copies](#state-values-passed-to-selectors-are-now-direct-copies)
- [Removal of "Dangerously" Methods](#removal-of-dangerously-methods)
- [Changes in Behaviour of Source Methods](#changes-in-behaviour-of-source-methods)
- [Every Source Now Requires A Unique Key](#every-source-now-requires-a-unique-key)
- [`waitForAll` Is Now Just An Async Function](#waitforall-is-now-just-an-async-function)
- [Ability To `skip()` A Hydration](#ability-to-skip-a-hydration)
- [Hide Source Values from React Developer Tools in Production Mode](#hide-source-values-from-react-developer-tools-in-production-mode)
- [Reset state from `useRelinkState()`](#reset-state-from-userelinkstate)
- [Relink Has Been Completely Rewritten in TypeScript](#relink-has-been-completely-rewritten-in-typescript)

<br/>

# Transition From Listeners to Watchers
Listeners have been removed. To observe for state changes, use `Source.watch` instead.
```js
useLayoutEffect(() => {
  const unwatch = Source.watch((event) => {
    console.log('This is the new state:', event.state)
  })
  return () => {
    unwatch()
  }
}, [Source])
```

<br/>

# Sources Are Now Mutable By Default
Starting in V1, `options.mutable` defaults to `true` in favor of performance because to achieve mutability, state values need to be deep copied.

<br/>

# State Values Passed To Selectors Are Now Direct Copies
State values passed into selectors will always be direct copies of the original state. Yes, regardles of whether `options.mutable` is set to `false`. This change is made for the same reason why sources are mutable by default. Besides, selectors are meant for cherry picking values from the state and nothing more.

<br/>

# Removal of "Dangerously" Methods
Below are the equivalents of the removed methods.
* `dangerouslyGetRelinkValue` -> `Source.get()`
* `dangerouslySetRelinkState` -> `Source.set()`
* `dangerouslyResetRelinkState` -> `Source.reset()`
* `dangerouslyRehydrateRelinkSource` -> `Source.hydrate()`

<br/>

# Changes in Behaviour of Source Methods
Source methods like `.set()`, `.reset()`, and `.hydrate()` are now asynchronous. This means when the promise is resolved the state would have been updated. The UI, however, might still not update immediately because Reacts decides when they need to be updated. There is also a new `.getAsync()` method that only resolves after all other source methods that are invoked before it have been completed.

<br/>

# Every Source Now Requires A Unique Key
This is because it helps simplify Relink's codebase and makes debugging easier for you at the same time. To facilitate this change, keys will be automatically generated at runtime for sources that do not already have one. Eventually, you will need to manually add in the keys, they can be strings, numbers, or symbols, as long as they make sense.

<br/>

# `waitForAll` Is Now Just An Async Function
`waitForAll` is now just an async function and does not accept callbacks. This change is made for simplicity and consistency's sake.

<br/>

# Ability To `skip()` A Hydration
Sometimes, changes were never really made no data is persisted. Before, you need to `commit()` the default state if no persisted data is found otherwise the hydration wouldn't be complete. Now, you can use `skip()` when there is no persisted data and make your code cleaner.

```diff
- const defaultUserPreferences = {
-   theme: 'auto',
-   highContrast: false,
- }

const storageKey = 'user-prefs'

const UserPreferenceSource = createSource({
  key: 'source',
-   default: defaultUserPreferences,
+   default: {
+     theme: 'auto',
+     highContrast: false,
+   }
  lifecycle: {
-   init: ({ commit }) => {
+   init: ({ commit, skip }) => {
      const rawValue = localStorage.getItem(storageKey)
      let parsedValue
      try {
        parsedValue = JSON.parse(rawValue)
      } catch (e) {
        console.error(e)
      } finally {
        if (parsedValue) {
          commit(parsedValue)
        } else {
-         commit(defaultUserPreferences)
+         skip()
        }
      }
    },
    didSet: ({ state }) => {
      localStorage.setItem(storageKey, JSON.stringify(state))
    },
    didReset: () => {
      localStorage.removeItem(storageKey)
    },
  },
})
```

<br/>

# Hide Source Values from React Developer Tools in Production Mode
In production mode, state values are hidden from [React Developer Tools](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/react-developer-tools/fmkadmapgofadopljbjfkapdkoienihi) by default. Under `options`, set `public: true` to make it always visible.

State values will always be visible in debug mode regardless of this option.

<br/>

# Reset state from `useRelinkState()`
The resetter is now available via `useRelinkState()` as the third returned parameter.
```js
const [state, setState, resetState] = useRelinkState(Source)
```

<br/>

# Relink Has Been Completely Rewritten in TypeScript
Last but not least, Relink's source code has been completely rewritten in TypeScript. This translates to greater overall code stability because some errors can be detected early on and get fixed.

<br/>
